# Program Analysis

As part of the AP Create Performance Task, we were required to develop a program that contains an input and output, uses a list/array, as well as makes and uses a procedure/function that includes sequencing, selection, and iteration. The program displayed above outperforms the assignment requirements, including multiple functions, all of which manipulate a list. Inputs are taken in throughout the program in the form of menu item buttons, and outputs are provided in how the total updates, and are displayed for payment processing as the program closes. In the first function, selection is used in the form of an `if` statement to determine whether a coupon should be applied. 

The first function, named `total_up()` is crucial to the development of this program. It begins by creating a group of global variables, then, using selection, determines whether the user would like to apply a coupon. It also incorporates lists and Boolean variables; the Booleans being used to ensure a coupon cannot be used more than once. Finally, the function adds together the list items, displays them, and updates the total. 

The second function, named `final_total()` displays the total price for the items inputted. This could be adapted to pass on pricing information to a payment processor, using variables. 

Functions three through eight add specific types of menu items to an order list. They take in input from the user through the form of buttons, which is passed through two or three different parameters. When called, these functions manipulate the list, adding the selected item and price to the end of their respective lists. 

The ninth function removes items from the list. It does so by firstly counting the number of items in the list, which ensures items are not accidentally removed from an empty list, then, using the `pop()` method removes the last item from the list. This allows the user to cover for any mistakes made while entering data. 

Functions ten through twelve are all separate components, but they all work together to make the user experience more versatile. Using Tkinter, the graphical user interface library built into Python, a window is displayed asking the user to either enter a price value to add or a percentage to discount from the order. This uses global variables, as well as the `lambda` method. If a value is to be added, the program adds a listing to the order list and a price to the price list. If a discount is taken, the discount is turned into a percentage, and the `discount` variable is updated. This variable is then called every time that the order lists are manipulated. 

Finally, the `main()` function creates the program window using Tkinter. To begin, it creates the window with a title and version number, then grabs the current time to display. Twenty-four buttons are created, each corresponding to a function described above and to a different menu item. These allow for user input. Then to the right of the button grid, a list is created to display items that have been added to the order. Below list manipulation buttons are displayed, such as _Open Food_, _Open Discount_ and _Delete Item_. These buttons are arranged on the window using a grid pattern.
